Scotland full of so much better attitude right now. And I do not feel elevated above any of my fellow nominees or anyone in this room because we share the same love that the love of film and this form of expression has given me the most extraordinary life. I don't know what I'd be without it. But I think the greatest gift that it's given me, and many of us in this room, is the opportunity to use our voice for the voiceless. I'm thinking a lot about some of the distressing issues that we are facing collectively and I think, at times we feel or were made to feel that we Champion different causes, but for me, I see commonality. I think whether we're talking about gender inequality, or racism or queer rights or indigenous rights or animal rights were talking about the fight against Injustice. We're talking about the fight against the belief that one nation. One people, one, race, one, gender or one species has the right to dominate control and use and exploit another with impunity. I think that we've become very disconnected from the natural world and many of us. What were guilty of is an egocentric worldview? The belief that were the center of the universe. We go into the natural world and we plunger it for its resources. We feel entitled to artificially inseminate a cow and when she gives birth Both, we steal her baby, even though her cries of Anguish unmistakable. And then we take her milk that's intended for a calf. And we put it in our coffee and our cereal, We Fear the idea of personal change because we think that we have to sacrifice something to give something up, but human beings that are best are so inventive and creative and ingenious. And I think that when we use love and compassion, as our guiding principles, we can create develop and Element systems of change that are beneficial to all sentient beings. And to the environment. I've been a scoundrel in my life. I've been selfish. I've been cruel at times hard to work with and ungrateful. But so many of you in this room have given me a second chance and I think that's when we're at our best when we support each other, not, when we cancel each other out for past mistakes, but when we help each other to grow, when we educate each other, when we died, Each other towards Redemption that is the best of humanity. We were 17, my brother wrote this lyric. He said run to the rescue with love and peace will follow. Thank you.